README.md, before:

#Just some miscellaneous tools I have built to teach myself or to scratch an overly specific itch
## One-line descriptions of the files in here
  - LJ_extract_content.py -- Combine a Linux Journal article to a single page for linear reading and decruft it
  - craigslist_to_pdf.py -- Grab a CL add at a moment in time for offline reading of archive
  - Add_RunAs_Administrator_To_PowerShell_Right_Click.ps1 -- Q&D setup script to add Run As Administrator to ps1 scripts in Windows Explorer
  - program_codename_generator.ps1 -- A funny tool that creates program code names, based on the patterns of code names from the documents stolen by Edward Snowden and created to troll my team mates after the Shadow Broker Group attempted to sell a suite of TAO tools allegedly found abandoned on a C&C server operated by the so-call Equation Group
  - fix_chrome_app_icons_in_windows_10.ps1 -- A tool to unbreak the Windows metro icons in the wide section of the Windows 10 flag-menu for Chrome apps
  - java_don't_bring_unwanted_plus_one_to_my_party.ps1 -- A tool to inform java not to offer to install sponsor applications, bloat, undesired cruft, etc whenever you install / upgrade
  - Network_Configs.ps1 -- A tool to send you your network configuration as a JSON struct


(c) DTK

Commit message:

Added the microsoft-office-online stuff

README.md, after:

#Just some miscellaneous tools I have built to teach myself or to scratch an overly specific itch
## One-line descriptions of the files in here
  - LJ_extract_content.py -- Combine a Linux Journal article to a single page for linear reading and decruft it
  - craigslist_to_pdf.py -- Grab a CL add at a moment in time for offline reading of archive
  - Add_RunAs_Administrator_To_PowerShell_Right_Click.ps1 -- Q&D setup script to add Run As Administrator to ps1 scripts in Windows Explorer
  - program_codename_generator.ps1 -- A funny tool that creates program code names, based on the patterns of code names from the documents stolen by Edward Snowden and created to troll my team mates after the Shadow Broker Group attempted to sell a suite of TAO tools allegedly found abandoned on a C&C server operated by the so-call Equation Group
  - fix_chrome_app_icons_in_windows_10.ps1 -- A tool to unbreak the Windows metro icons in the wide section of the Windows 10 flag-menu for Chrome apps
  - java_don't_bring_unwanted_plus_one_to_my_party.ps1 -- A tool to inform java not to offer to install sponsor applications, bloat, undesired cruft, etc whenever you install / upgrade
  - Network_Configs.ps1 -- A tool to send you your network configuration as a JSON struct
  - microsoft-office-online -- The files and scripts needed to add launchers for the Microsoft Office Online tools into the menu for Ubuntu or Debian, so you can easily access the office.live.com and outlook.com tools as easily as local applications
    - Note, to build this, issue the command *dpkg-deb --build ./microsoft-office-online/* in the parent folder of this
    - Note, I have tested on Ubuntu 16.04, with Gnome, Gnome-Classic, LXDE, LXDE-Netbook, XFCE, Unity. When I tried on KDE (Plasma Desktop), I got launchers, but not the icons (even though the edit this application showed the colorful icons)


(c) DTK
